338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: api/distributed-hypertables/index.md

---
title: Distributed hypertables ( Sunsetted v2.14.x )

> excerpt: Sunsetted v2.14.x. Tiger CloudAPI reference for dealing with distributed hypertables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Sunsetted v2.14.x. TimescaleDB API reference for dealing with distributed hypertables
```
